README.md, before:

# MyPortfolio
<a name="readme-top"></a>

Modify this file to match your project and remove sections that don't apply.

REQUIRED SECTIONS:
- Table of Contents
- About the Project
  - Built With
  - Live Demo
- Getting Started
- Authors
- Future Features
- Contributing
- Show your support
- Acknowledgements
- License

OPTIONAL SECTIONS:
- FAQ

After you're finished please remove all the comments and instructions!
-->

<div align="center">
  <!-- You are encouraged to replace this logo with your own! Otherwise you can also remove it. -->
  <img src="murple_logo.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>Microverse README Template</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [Hello Microverse] <a name="about-project">
Hello , this a mobile first portfolio project</a>

[Basir elham's portfolio] This a portfolio mobile first app. It is created according to a figma template and the complete version will be pushed next time.

## 🛠 Built With 

### Tech Stack 
HTML
CSS

### Key Features 

- **[Navbar]**
- **[Background image]**
- **[Bobile first]**
- **[Linter is used]**

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:You have to clone this project to your local machine

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:git clone git@github.com:Elhambasir/MyPortfolio.git

### Install

Install this project with: Any software which you are comfortable with

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command: On your computer's keyboard press f5 or run it with live server

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command: In visual studio code with live server plugin right click and run live server.

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using: It is not compatable with different screen.

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>


👤 **Author**

- GitHub: [@Elhambasir](https://github.com/Elhambasir)
- LinkedIn: [basir ahmadi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/basir-ahmadi-8aba89263)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->
## Future Features

- [ ] **[Responsive]**
- [ ] **[Other features]**
- [ ] **[Better style]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributions

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!


Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

> Write a message to encourage readers to support your project

If you like this project reach me on my contact

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank in advance

Commit message:

Wrap nav to header, remove project section which is not supposed, move LET'S CONNECT to link,  change some font sizes and readme file is updated according to reviewer instructions.

README.md, after:

# MyPortfolio
<a name="readme-top"></a>

Modify this file to match your project and remove sections that don't apply.

<div align="center">
  <!-- You are encouraged to replace this logo with your own! Otherwise you can also remove it. -->
  <img src="murple_logo.png" alt="logo" width="140"  height="auto" />
  <br/>

  <h3><b>Microverse README Template</b></h3>

</div>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [Hello Microverse] <a name="about-project">
Hello , this a mobile first portfolio project</a>

[Basir elham's portfolio] This a portfolio mobile first app. It is created according to a figma template and the complete version will be pushed next time.

## 🛠 Built With 

### Tech Stack 
HTML
CSS

### Key Features 

- **[Navbar]**
- **[Background image]**
- **[Bobile first]**
- **[Linter is used]**

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:You have to clone this project to your local machine

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:git clone git@github.com:Elhambasir/MyPortfolio.git

### Install

Install this project with: Any software which you are comfortable with

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command: On your computer's keyboard press f5 or run it with live server

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command: In visual studio code with live server plugin right click and run live server.

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using: GitHub

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>


👤 **Author**

- GitHub: [@Elhambasir](https://github.com/Elhambasir)
- LinkedIn: [basir ahmadi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/basir-ahmadi-8aba89263)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->
## Future Features

- [ ] **[Responsive]**
- [ ] **[Other features]**
- [ ] **[Better style]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->
## Contributions

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!


Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

> Write a message to encourage readers to support your project

If you like this project reach me on my contact

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank in advance. This is the first draft of this project. It works on my machine. If you try it and run into problems, please create an issue; I'll do what I can to fix it.
